---
layout: post
title: CMMI model and Project Planning
description: ASPICE and how it solves industry problems
categories: IT-Project-Management
author: raider21
---

## Terminology

CMMI is a collection of characteristics of effective procsses that provides guidance for improving an organization's procsses and ability to manage the development, acquisition and maintenance of products or services. It is a model, not a process. This model shows what to do, now how to do it or who does it. CMMI has to be applied rater than implemented.

## Disciplines of CMMI

CMMI for Development - provides guidance for measuring,monitoring and managing development processes.  
CMMI for Acquisition - provides guidance to enable informed and decisive acquisition leadership.  
CMMI for Services - provides guidance for those providing services within organization and to external customers.

## Structures of CMMI
- Staged enabling the organization to improve a set of related processes by incrementally addressing successive predefined sets of process areas.
- Continuous - enabling an organization to incrementally improve processes corresponding to an individual process area (or set of processes) selected by the organization.

1. Research project management process and domain knowledge and their relationship
<table>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Knowledge field</strong></th>
            <th><strong>Project Planning Process Group</strong></th>
            <th><strong>SG1</strong></th>
            <th><strong>SG2</strong></th>
            <th><strong>SG3</strong></th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Project integration management</strong></th>
            <th>Formulate a project management plan</th>
            <th>Establish and maintain estimated data for project planning parameters</th>
            <th>To establish and maintain a project plan and serve as the basis for project management</th>
            <th>Establish and maintain a commitment to the project plan</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Project scope management</strong></th>
            <th>Planning project management. Collect requirements. Define the scope. Create WBS</th>
            <th>Estimate the scope of the project. Establish estimates of project properties</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Project schedule management</strong></th>
            <th>Planning progress management. Define activity. Arrange the order of activities. Estimate activity duration. Make a schedule</th>
            <th>Define project life cycle</th>
            <th>Build progress</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Project cost management</strong></th>
            <th>Planning cost management. Estimated cost. Budgeting</th>
            <th>Determine workload and cost estimates</th>
            <th>Establish a budget</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Project quality management</strong></th>
            <th>Planning quality management</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Project resource management</strong></th>
            <th>Planning resource management. Estimate activity resources</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
            <th>Planning data management. Planned project resources</th>
            <th>Coordinate work and resources</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Project communication management</strong></th>
            <th>Planning communication management</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
            <th>The knowledge and skills required for the plan</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Project risk management</strong></th>
            <th>Planning risk management. Identifying risks. Implementing qualitative risk analysis. Real-time quantitative risk analysis. Planning risk response</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
            <th>Identify project risks</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Project procurement management</strong></th>
            <th>Planning and purchasing management</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Project related party management</strong></th>
            <th>Participation of planning stakeholders</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
            <th>Participation of personnel involved in planned projects</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <th><strong>Other knowledge</strong></th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
            <th>XXXX</th>
            <th>Establish a project plan</th>
            <th>Review the project's subsidiary plan. Obtain the plan's commitment</th>
        </tr>
</table>
  
2. Read the preliminary preparation tasks of the JWD case, and combine the innovation project practice to build a software project innovation competition project preparation process (group). The target deliverable of this process (group) is Business Case.  
   Project preparation process:

- Decide the project scope, time and cost constraints;
- Identify the project sponsor
- Development project business scenarios (business cases)
- Meeting to discuss the project management process
- Determine if the project is divided into multiple subprojects
- Understand business scenarios and provide technical solutions. Give the approximate time and development cost.
- Provide more traversal solutions, such as using some third-party software to allow customers to directly access the system.
